Assignment 1.1
1. Create a simple console application and store your name, age (should take decimal), address in a string variable and print them back on console.
2. Create a simple console application and declare basic datatypes like int, float, decimal, double and print their min and max values.

Assignment 1.2
1. Write a simple application to perform calculation functions. Call them appropriately when user selects the proper menu.
2. Write a C# Sharp program to accept two integers and check whether they are equal or not.
Test Data :
Input 1st number: 5
Input 2nd number: 5
Expected Output :
5 and 5 are equal
3. Write a C# Sharp program to find the sum of first 10 natural numbers.
Expected Output :
The first 10 natural number is :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
The Sum is : 55

Assignment 1.3
1. Write a program in C# to calculate area of triangle, square and rectangle. Write 3 different functions for each shape to take dimensions of figure and display the area. You may create menus.
2. Write a program in C# to read n number of values in an array and display it in reverse order.
Test Data :
Input the number of elements to store in the array :3
Input 3 number of elements in the array :
element - 0 : 2
element - 1 : 5
element - 2 : 7
Expected Output:
The values store into the array are:
2 5 7
The values store into the array in reverse are :
7 5 2
3. Write a program to sort an integer array in ascending and descending order. Array can be created with hard coded values.

Assignment 1.4
1. Create a structure named “Point” and 2 data members: X and Y coordinate. Declare 2 points: P1 and P2. Determine if P2 is to the right or left of P1 or on same axis , by comparing the x xoordinates. ( if p1.x is more than p2.x , it is to the right )
2. Write a class: “Student” with private data members: StudentId ( int), StudentFname (stirng), StudentLname (string ), StudentGrade ( char ) and public properties for each data member. Instantiate the class and assign data to properties.call get and set properties.